Having several (snapshots of) video recordings – captured via a Webcam or uploaded by a user – regarding an urban
route (frequently/randomly) followed by a person or a group of persons (e.g., by using a bike/car/bus), develop a (
micro-)service-based Web system able to detect road/traffic signs marking this route (road, highway). This detection
process could be performed automatically by using specific public APIs and/or by using user-reported info (for example,
by using external crowdsourcing navigation services like Waze or alternatives). A OWL-based conceptual model specified
will be created and/or adapted to specify things of interest (mainly, a classification of road/traffic signs and their
meanings and legal interpretations). For each recognized (category of) road sign, a SPARQL endpoint will offer various
knowledge: meaning, type, legal regulations, relationships to other traffic signs, practical advice, context of use,
comparisons, plus suggestions regarding user (driver/pedestrian) behavior. Study the Comparison of European road signs.
Additional resources: Traffic Sign Detection Articles @ Google Scholar + Traffic Sign Recognition Code Repositories @
GitHub.Having several (snapshots of) video recordings – captured via a Webcam or uploaded by a user – regarding an urban
route (frequently/randomly) followed by a person or a group of persons (e.g., by using a bike/car/bus), develop a (
micro-)service-based Web system able to detect road/traffic signs marking this route (road, highway). This detection
process could be performed automatically by using specific public APIs and/or by using user-reported info (for example,
by using external crowdsourcing navigation services like Waze or alternatives). A OWL-based conceptual model specified
will be created and/or adapted to specify things of interest (mainly, a classification of road/traffic signs and their
meanings and legal interpretations). For each recognized (category of) road sign, a SPARQL endpoint will offer various
knowledge: meaning, type, legal regulations, relationships to other traffic signs, practical advice, context of use,
comparisons, plus suggestions regarding user (driver/pedestrian) behavior. Study the Comparison of European road signs.
Additional resources: Traffic Sign Detection Articles @ Google Scholar + Traffic Sign Recognition Code Repositories @
GitHub.